Teacher Yang left a message from me last time
Please forgive me.
Please drink tea, Mr. Sheng, you are too kind.
I was rude last time.
Rashly smashed the relics left by your mother
You don't blame me.
If you don't drink it, you won't forgive it.
Ok I drink
Dad
You made a big joke last time.
I said it myself last time.
If I take the initiative to find you
Are you my father?
It's okay to be just a godfather.
Last time, you just said it casually.
I never thought about being anyone's godfather.
Let's get down to business
There is really something wrong with my jade bracelet.
You saint, don't be kidding
It's just that this jade bracelet
Is in danger
I almost died today with this jade bracelet
Not to your heart
There shouldn't be much in the short term
But it's hard to say in the long run, so I suggest you
What is Danny?
That's what my mother left me.
Then give me the jade bracelet.
I'll see if I can get rid of the teenager's wife murder
Ok please
But will this jade bracelet affect you?
Don't worry, his evil spirit can't erode me yet
But you still have to be careful
Not only be careful with this jade bracelet
Be even more careful with the person who gave your mother the jade bracelet
Teacher Yang, let me ask
If my mother wears a jade bracelet for a long time
Is it life-threatening?
Of course!
Is this jade bracelet only for one person?
flustered family
What does this have to do with the Liang family?
I see Wu Limin
Didn't you still go to your store to pick bones?
Your relationship shouldn't be too bad, right?
You don't understand
It's a long story.
Many years ago, this Dongyuan world affairs, the Liang family
All things are unknown
The rest of me has gone through the hard work of two generations
In my father's lifetime, it was considered a strong family
The Liang family can't cover it when they see the family
I can only hide
I didn't expect the Liang family to be an old man
One set in person and one set behind
How dare you
Hate my mother personally
I was born a gentleman like this
Teacher Yang
I heard that you had a holiday with the young master of the Yuan family
It's a pity that the Yang family's world is not good
By the way, as the number one wealthy family in our Central Plains
Little brother, he doesn't have his own brand stick.
head-to-head
I really can't do the rest
But better than sausage
If you add throat
And Master Yang, you
Okay, I think you have a few chances of winning in vain
I've seen you before
I'm not very good about his physical condition
estimate
Will not survive tomorrow
What do you want to do?
This can be